Academic and industry professionals have questions about,
well, just about everything.
As data analysts, we try to help them answer these questions.
But first, we need to translate the questions into what are known as hypothesis.
Then, we need to be able to collect data to
justify which hypothesis are likely to be true.
As an example, just the other day,
I was in a debate with a friend,
about what the most popular ice cream flavor in the world is?
Where I assumed, the most popular was chocolate,
and they were sure it was vanilla.
In this case, we could generate
hypothesis where the most favorite ice cream is chocolate,
and collect data to see if this hypothesis is actually supported by the data.
But how can we truly know this unless we talk to everyone?
How do we know if our conclusions are reliable?
Well, it turns out,
you can use hypothesis testing,
or confidence intervals which you just saw in the last lesson,
to draw conclusions about a population,
only using sample data.
Not all hypothesis testing is this straightforward.
Within medical studies, say I wanted to test if
a cancer drug is effective at helping patients.
Well now, the hypothesis could go lots of different ways.
Is the drug helpful if it makes patients feel better?
Is it helpful if they live longer?
Is it helpful if it reduces the tumor sizes?
In this lesson, you will learn about how to
set up and evaluate the results of hypothesis testing.
Hypothesis testing is all about helping businesses make
better and more informed database decisions. So let's get started.